Improve and unify names (3) (#289)
gap-packages/recog: RENAME.md

in the documentation as `X_1 -> X_n`. Then the documentation of the recog package is regenerated.

Now let us discuss the case where the `renamings_to_execute.csv` file is empty.
Then the `rename.g` file attempts to execute the renamings in the order specified
by the `renamings_history.csv` file. This is useful if you are developing code that is not yet integrated into the `recog` package, already performed some renamings and need to catch up with the latest ones.
The replacements are executed as described in the first case.

## EXAMPLE

This example covers the use case for developers of the recog package.

Create the `renamings_to_execute.csv` file, so it looks like this:

    OLD NAME,NEW NAME,TYPE
    FindHomDbPerm,MoreDescriptiveNewName,Attr

Inside the package directory do:

    gap rename.g

Now the renamings that were stored inside the `renamings_to_execute.csv` file have been executed.
Thus `FindHomDbPerm` got replaced by `MoreDescriptiveNewName`.

It is recommended to run `gap tst/testquick.g` or `gap tst/testall.g` and ensure everything is still working:

    gap tst/testall.g

On failure you can always roll back to the last commit, i.e. the version before

> applying the renamings. For example one could type in the command `git reset --hard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applying the renamings. For example one could execute the command `git reset --hard`.
```
